OKTA-459959 Adding the Embedded Sign-In: SPA with Embedded SIW - Angular (#2976)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-in-to-spa-embedded-widget/main/angular/basic-sign-in.md

> The following sample application code renders the Sign-In widget and after a successful authentication receives an object with OAuth tokens. From the `login.components.ts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample application code renders the Sign-In Widget, and after a successful authentication, receives an object with OAuth tokens. From the `login.components.ts` file:
```

```javascript
ngOnInit() {

>     // When navigating to a protected route, the route path will be saved as the `originalUri`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // When navigating to a protected route, the route path is saved as the `originalUri`
```

>     // If no `originalUri` has been saved, then redirect back to the app root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If no `originalUri` is saved, then redirect back to the app root
```

    const originalUri = this.oktaAuth.getOriginalUri();
    if (!originalUri || originalUri === DEFAULT_ORIGINAL_URI) {
      this.oktaAuth.setOriginalUri('/');
    }

    this.signIn.showSignInToGetTokens({
      el: '#sign-in-widget',
      scopes: sampleConfig.oidc.scopes
    }).then((tokens: Tokens) => {
      // Remove the widget
      this.signIn.remove();

      // In this flow the redirect to Okta occurs in a hidden iframe
      this.oktaAuth.handleLoginRedirect(tokens);
    }).catch((err: any) => {
      // Typically due to misconfiguration
      throw err;
    });
  }
  ```

> The following sample application code in the `home.component.ts` file retrieves the user information from the ID Token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample application code in the `home.component.ts` file retrieves the user information from the ID token:
```

```javascript
async ngOnInit() {
    const isAuthenticated = await this.oktaAuth.isAuthenticated();
    if (isAuthenticated) {
      const userClaims = await this.oktaAuth.getUser();
      this.userName = userClaims.name as string;
    }
  }
  ```

> And displays the user's name on the Custom Login Page after you sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And displays the user's name on the Custom Login Page after you sign in
```

### Routes

> Some application routes require authentication in order to render. Define these protected routes with the [`OktaAuthGuard`](https://github.com/okta/okta-angular#oktaauthguard) method from the `@okta/okta-angular` SDK. For example, in the sample application, the Profile page is protected using this method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some application routes require authentication to render. Define these protected routes with the [`OktaAuthGuard`](https://github.com/okta/okta-angular#oktaauthguard) method from the `@okta/okta-angular` SDK. For example, in the sample application, the Profile page is protected using this method:
```
